Add note about security init command (#662)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: cookbook/user-context-caching.rst

        <system>example</system>
    </security>

.. note::

>     After enabling security permission check for your webspace, it is required
>     to run the ``bin/console sulu:security:init`` command to create
>     the needed anonymous role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure to create the anonymous role for the webspace by running
    the ``bin/console sulu:security:init`` command after enabling permission
    checks in your webspace configuration.
```
